A guide to the files and folders in this repo

# Overview

Ground truth label generation has gone through multiple phases. Phase 1 involved creating newly uploaded labels, and Phase 2 had the hiwis validate (check) the labels created by other hiwis. 

The folders in this repo reflect files at various stages in this process: 

__finished_and_checked__ - these files have been created by one hiwi, checked by another, and, if flagged by validating Hiwi for further review, checked by Eli.  
__check_again__ - these files have gone through validation and been flagged for further checking. They are marked in the [Labeling effort tracking spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYWZIb7-rjpqa3EvONxmcJ_Fs6w6sgfLqFxc0uEuBww/edit?gid=0#gid=0). After checking the sections labeled to be fixed, these should be moved to __finished_and_checked__ and marked appropriately on the spreadsheet.  
__pre_validation__ - These were the uploads from the hiwis prior to going through the validation process (phase 2)  
__new_audit_uploads__ - These are files that have been uploaded by the hiwis but have undergone no further quality control. When Hiwis upload files, they should be moved here.   
__duplicateds_removed__ - These are duplicated labeling effort (at some point we were doing this on purpose) that have been removed from the pool of labels.   
  

__label_status.qmd__ - This is a quarto script that processes and summarizes the state of label data.   
__label_status_files__ - These are the figures generated by label_stats.qmd and can be ignored. 
